# Q. Share a minimum four differentiation between regular function and arrow functions with one examples
## 1. Regular Fucntion
- We can access all passed arguments using the arguments object, which is an array-like object containing each argument passed to the function.
- Duplicate named parameters are allowed but not recommended. The last occurrence of the parameter overwrites previous ones, and only its value is used.
- Function declarations are hoisted to the top of their scope, allowing them to be called before they’re defined in the code.
- this refers to the object that calls the function(runtime binding). Its value can vary based on how the function is called (method, event, or global)
- eg:-
  ```js
    function example(a, b, a) {
      console.log(a, b);
    }
    example(1, 2, 3);
    ```
## 2. Arrow Function
- Arrow functions do not have their own arguments object. To access arguments in arrow functions, use rest parameters (…args) to collect all arguments into an array.
- Arrow functions do not allow duplicate named parameters, even in non-strict mode, and will throw a syntax error if duplicates are present.
- Arrow functions are not hoisted like regular function declarations. They are treated as variables, so they cannot be called before being defined.
- In arrow functions, this is lexically inherited from the surrounding scope, not the function itself. It maintains the this value from where the arrow function is defined.
- eg:- 
  ```js
  const example = (a, b, a) => {
    console.log(a);
  };
  ```